now let's go and analyze this and see
what it gives us
so in this example v1 and v2 maybe
outputs of two sensors
okay maybe heat sensors or something
like that okay this is a heat sensor on
that side of the room and this is a heat
sensor on this side of the room now can
I pass their signals through two
resistors and I look at the voltage
there so by now you should be able to
write the answer v naught or the value V
naught almost by inspection okay just to
show you let me use when you see
multiple sources the first thing you
should think about is you know can I use
superposition to simplify my life and
let me do that so V naught here is the
sum of two voltages one due to V 1
acting alone and 1 u 2 V 2 acting alone
so what's the voltage here due to V 1
acting alone so to do to find out that I
short this voltage okay I zero out this
voltage and look at the effect of V 1 so
effective V 1 if this were shorted out
is simply V 1 times r2 divided by r1
plus r2
this is no voltage divider right a
voltage V applied across two resistors
and the output taken across one resistor
okay so that's this value then I can do
the second part to look at the effect of
V two
what I'll do is short this voltage and
look at the effect of this now this
voltage is across this resistor divider
and so I get R 1 divided by r1 plus r2
here okay so you notice that for
something like this if I'd applied KVL
and KCl or the node method I would have
gotten a bunch of equations but here I
wrote it just by inspection let